Document current data flow of debug logging filtering (#332)
Microsoft/mu_plus: AdvLoggerPkg/Docs/ReadMe.md

The v3 data header supports a new field of hardware debugging level to support setting the serial print configurable
during boot time.

All debug prints will be filtered by multiple build time flags, such as `PcdDebugPrintErrorLevel`, `MDEPKG_NDEBUG`, etc.

> These prints that passes such filters will be logged to memory, and then fed to the hardware port library to be checked
> against the hardware print level. A full data flow chart is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prints that pass such filters will be logged to memory, and then fed to the hardware port library to be checked
against the hardware print level. A full data flow chart is shown below:

```
